README.md, before:

# PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5

![PallyPower Example](https://github.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5/blob/main/PallyPower_Flash.gif)<br/><br/>

[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5.svg?style=flat-square)](http://hits.dwyl.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5) ![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5)
 ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5)  ![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5/main) <br/>
 <a href='https://github.com/NoM0Re' target="_blank">
  <img alt='GitHub' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/github-100000?style=flat-square&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&labelColor=black&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://www.youtube.com/@xpatrick99x' target="_blank">
  <img alt='youtube' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-100000?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white&labelColor=FF0000&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://www.twitch.tv/noom0re' target="_blank">
  <img alt='Twitch' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-100000?style=flat-square&logo=Twitch&logoColor=white&labelColor=6441a5&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://streamelements.com/noom0re/tip' target="_blank">
  <img alt='PayPal' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy_me a coffee-100000?style=flat-square&logo=PayPal&logoColor=white&labelColor=3b7bbf&color=000000'/>
</a>
<br/><br/>

[**PallyPower**](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/pally-power) [![CurseForge](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/short_18911.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/pally-power) developed by **aznamir**<br/>
This add-on provides an interactive and easy to use interface that allows you to set your own blessings (Righteous Fury, Aura, Seal and Blessings) and automatically checks for missing buffs with an easy to read indicator. While in a Party or RAID Pally Power can be used to assign blessings to other Paladins. Fellow Paladins will also have to run Pally Power for this to occur and the Paladin doing the assignments will have to be the Party Leader, Raid Leader or Raid Assistant. Fellow Paladins can select the "Free Assignment" setting to allow other non-leaders to change your Blessing assignment. In combat, none of the assignments can be changed due to the in-combat lock-out.<br/>
<br/>
**All credits go to the original creator of the addon, and this version is not affiliated with the original addon in any way.**
<br/>
<br/>

------------------------------------------------

**This version of PallyPower for WoW 3.3.5a introduces several new features:** <br/>

- **Auto-Hide Player Buttons**: New option to automatically hide player buttons after a set time, optimizing UI space.<br/>
- **Class Buttons in Class Colors**: Class buttons now display in respective class colors, enhancing visual clarity.<br/>
- **Flash Effect in Instances**: Added flash effect to highlight players without buffs in instanced content (Arena, BG, Raid, Dungeon).<br/>
- **Class Buttons in Class Colors**: Class buttons now display in respective class colors, enhancing visual clarity.<br/>
- **In-Combat Class Buff Button**: Added functionality that enables players to click the class buff buttons during combat.<br/>
A designated player for each class will be determined before combat, if the player/s are in range and alive they will receive the buff/s while combat now.

Commit message:

(feat)option for class-colored player button names

README.md, after:

# PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5

![PallyPower Example](https://github.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5/blob/main/PallyPower_Flash.gif)<br/><br/>

[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5.svg?style=flat-square)](http://hits.dwyl.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5) ![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5)
 ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5)  ![GitHub last commit (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5/main) <br/>
 <a href='https://github.com/NoM0Re' target="_blank">
  <img alt='GitHub' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/github-100000?style=flat-square&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&labelColor=black&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://www.youtube.com/@xpatrick99x' target="_blank">
  <img alt='youtube' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-100000?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white&labelColor=FF0000&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://www.twitch.tv/noom0re' target="_blank">
  <img alt='Twitch' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-100000?style=flat-square&logo=Twitch&logoColor=white&labelColor=6441a5&color=black'/>
</a>
<a href='https://streamelements.com/noom0re/tip' target="_blank">
  <img alt='PayPal' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy_me a coffee-100000?style=flat-square&logo=PayPal&logoColor=white&labelColor=3b7bbf&color=000000'/>
</a>
<br/><br/>

[**PallyPower**](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/pally-power) [![CurseForge](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/short_18911.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/pally-power) developed by **aznamir**<br/>
This add-on provides an interactive and easy to use interface that allows you to set your own blessings (Righteous Fury, Aura, Seal and Blessings) and automatically checks for missing buffs with an easy to read indicator. While in a Party or RAID Pally Power can be used to assign blessings to other Paladins. Fellow Paladins will also have to run Pally Power for this to occur and the Paladin doing the assignments will have to be the Party Leader, Raid Leader or Raid Assistant. Fellow Paladins can select the "Free Assignment" setting to allow other non-leaders to change your Blessing assignment. In combat, none of the assignments can be changed due to the in-combat lock-out.<br/>
<br/>
**All credits go to the original creator of the addon, and this version is not affiliated with the original addon in any way.**
<br/>
<br/>

------------------------------------------------

**This version of PallyPower for WoW 3.3.5a introduces several new features:** <br/>

**New Options:**<br/>

- **Auto-Hide Player Buttons**: New option to automatically hide player buttons after a set time, optimizing UI space.<br/>
- **Class Buttons in Class Colors**: New option to display class buttons now in respective class colors, enhancing visual clarity.<br/>
- **Flash Effect in Instances**: New option to add a flash effect to highlight players without buffs in instanced content (Arena, BG, Raid, Dungeon).<br/>
- **Player Button Names in Class Colors**: New option to display player buttons names now in respective class colors, enhancing visual clarity.<br/>

**Hotfixes:**<br/>

- **In-Combat Class Buff Button**: Added functionality that enables players to click the class buff buttons during combat.<br/>
A designated player for each class will be determined before combat, if the player/s are in range and alive they will receive the buff/s while combat now, otherwise you'll still need to use the Player Buttons.<br/>

# **Installation:**
1. [Download here](https://github.com/NoM0Re/PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)<br/><br/>
2. Unzip and take folder **PallyPower** (not the PallyPower-Improved-3.3.5-main)<br/><br/>
3. Put it in your WoW/Interface/Addons folder<br/><br/><br/>
